MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 apastinante

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
================================================================================

ADDITIONAL TERMS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:

This software builds upon educational materials and theoretical foundations
provided by:

- CERN Accelerator School (CAS) - Introductory Course on Accelerator Physics
- CERN SY-RF-BR Section - RF Systems and Beam Dynamics Group
- The broader accelerator physics community

EDUCATIONAL USE:
This software is primarily intended for educational and research purposes in
the field of accelerator physics and beam dynamics. Users are encouraged to
cite the original CAS course materials and relevant academic references when
using this software in academic work or publications.

ATTRIBUTION:
When using this software in academic work, presentations, or publications,
please include the following attribution:

"Multi-Harmonic Particle Tracking Simulation, A.L. Pastinante, 2025"

DISCLAIMER:
This software is provided for educational purposes. While every effort has
been made to ensure accuracy, the authors make no warranty regarding the
correctness of physical models or numerical implementations for any specific
accelerator design or operational scenario.

CONTRIBUTIONS:
Contributions to this project are welcome and will be considered under the
same MIT License terms. Contributors retain copyright to their contributions
while granting the same MIT License permissions to the project.

For questions regarding licensing or usage, please contact:
Anibal Luciano Pastinante (anibalpastinante@gmail.com)
